Value world, object, tuple literals, const (#3022)
microsoft/typespec: .chronus/changes/feature-object-literals-32024-2-15-18-36-3.md

---
# Change versionKind to one of: internal, fix, dependencies, feature, deprecation, breaking
changeKind: fix
packages:
  - "@typespec/http"
---

> Update Flow Template to make sure of new tuple literals

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Update Flow Template to make use of the new tuple literals
```
